.\" Copyright (C) 2014 Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
.\"
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\"with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\"51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.

.TH gde2-display-properties-install-systemwide 1 "2014\-05\-02" "GDE2"
.\"
.SH "NAME"
gde2-display-properties-install-systemwide \- customize GDE2 display behavor
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B gde2-display-properties-install-systemwide
\fI<SOURCE_FILE> <DEST_NAME>\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This executable is part of the package 'gde2\-control\-center': The GDE2 Control Center.
.PP
This command line tool installs a RANDR profile for multi-monitor setups into
a systemwide location.  The resulting profile will get used when
the RANDR plug-in gets run in \fBgde2-settings-daemon\fR.
.TP
\fI<SOURCE_FILE>\fR
a full pathname, typically /home/username/.config/monitors.xml
.TP
\fI<DEST_NAME>\fR
relative name for the installed file.  This will get put in
the systemwide directory for RANDR configurations,
so the result will typically be /etc/gde2-settings-daemon/xrandr/DEST_NAME
.SH AUTHORS
This manual page was writtenby Mike Gabriel <mike.gabriel@das-netzwerkteam.de>
for the Debian project (but may be used by others).
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.PP
Latest version of the GDE2 Desktop User Guide for your platform.
.PP
.BR "gde2-control-center" (1),
.BR "gde2-display-properties" (1),
.BR "gde2-settings-daemon" (1),
