<!DOCTYPE article PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DocBook XML V4.1.2//EN" 
"http://www.oasis-open.org/docbook/xml/4.1.2/docbookx.dtd" [

<!ENTITY VERSION "1.10.1">
<!ENTITY app "<application>GDE2 Control Center</application>">
]>

<article id="index" lang="en">
  
  <articleinfo>
    <abstract role="description">
      <para>
        The GDE2 Control Center provides a central place for the user to setup their GDE2 experience. It can let you configure anything from the behavior of your window borders to the default font type.
      </para>
    </abstract>
    <title>Control Center</title>
    <authorgroup>
      <author>
	  <firstname>GDE2 Documentation Project</firstname>
	  <surname></surname>
	  <affiliation>
		 <orgname>GDE2 Desktop</orgname>
	  </affiliation>
      </author>
      <author>
	<firstname>Kevin</firstname><surname>Breit</surname>
      </author>
    </authorgroup>
    <copyright>
      <year>2015</year>
      <holder>GDE2 Documentation Project</holder>
    </copyright>
    <copyright>
      <year>2001, 2002</year>
      <holder>Ximian, Inc.</holder>
    </copyright>

    <publisher role="maintainer">
      <publishername>GDE2 Documentation Project</publishername>
    </publisher>
    <publisher>
      <publishername>GNOME Documentation Project</publishername>
    </publisher>
    
    <revhistory>
      <revision> 
        <revnumber>2.15</revnumber>
        <date>July 2015</date>
          <firstname>GDE2 Documentation Project</firstname>
          <surname></surname>
      </revision>
      <revision>
        <revnumber>2.14</revnumber> 
        <date>2006-03</date> 
      </revision> 
    </revhistory>

    <legalnotice id="legalnotice">
      <para>
	Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
        under the terms of the
        <ulink type="help" url="help:fdl">
          <citetitle>
            GNU Free Documentation License
          </citetitle>
        </ulink>, Version 1.1 or any later version
        published by the Free Software Foundation with no Invariant Sections,
        no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.  A copy of the license
        can be found <ulink type="help" url="help:fdl">here</ulink>.
      </para>
      <para>
        Many of the names used by companies to distinguish their products and
        services are claimed as trademarks. Where those names appear in any
        GDE2 documentation, and those trademarks are made aware to the members
        of the GDE2 Documentation Project, the names have been printed in caps
        or initial caps.
      </para>
      <para>
        To report a bug or make a suggestion regarding the &app; application or this manual, follow the directions in the <ulink url="help:gde2-user-guide/feedback" type="help">GDE2 Feedback Page</ulink>.
      </para>
    </legalnotice>

    <releaseinfo>
      This manual describes version &VERSION; of the GDE2 Control Center.
    </releaseinfo>
  </articleinfo>
  
  <sect1 id="intro">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <para>
      The <application>GDE2 Control Center</application> provides a single window from which to launch all preference tools. 
    </para>
    <para>
      To launch the <application>GDE2 Control Center</application>,
      type <command>gde2-control-center</command> in a terminal window. 
    </para>
    <para>For help on using preference tools, see the <ulink type="help" url="help:gde2-user-guide/prefs">User Guide</ulink>.</para>
  </sect1>
  
  <sect1 id="gde2cc-interface">
    <title>Usage</title>
    <para>
      The <application>GDE2 Control Center</application> shows icons for all preference tools installed on your system in a window. Select a preference tool to see its description in the status bar.</para>
    <para>
      To open a preference tool, double-click on its icon.
    </para>
  </sect1>
</article>
